1. If you are using Microsoft Edge as your browser to access CANON iMAGE GATEWAY, you may encounter a problem when you try to send images to My Image Garden or Easy-PhotoPrint EX. You may see a message that says the service is not available. This is because Microsoft Edge does not support the ActiveX plugin that is required for this function. To solve this problem, you can use Internet Explorer instead of Microsoft Edge. Internet Explorer supports ActiveX and can send images to My Image Garden or Easy-PhotoPrint EX without any issues.2. If you have a digital camera model "EOS-1D" or "EOS-1Ds" that can take RAW images in Tiff-RAW format, you may notice that the thumbnail image of the RAW file is displayed in black when you use Easy-PhotoPrint EX for functions other than Photo Print. This is because Easy-PhotoPrint EX cannot read the Tiff-RAW format directly. To fix this problem, you can use ZoomBrowser EX (Ver. 5.8 or later) to convert the RAW file to 16 bit-Tiff, 8 bit-Tiff, or JPEG format and save it. Then you can open Easy-PhotoPrint EX and select the converted image as the source file. The thumbnail image will be displayed normally.3. If you have saved some data (.el6) in Photo Print using Easy-PhotoPrint EX and a certain printer model, and then you try to open the same data using Easy-PhotoPrint EX and a different printer model, you may get an error message that says "Failed to load data." This is because the data contains some information about the page size or media type that is specific to the printer model that was used for saving the data. If the printer model that is used for opening the data does not support the same page size or media type, Easy-PhotoPrint EX cannot load the data properly. To prevent this problem, you should install the same printer driver as the one that was used for saving the data before opening it with Easy-PhotoPrint EX.4. The [Disc Label/Case Cover] function is a feature of Easy-PhotoPrint EX that allows you to print labels or covers for your discs. However, not all printers support this function. Some printers do not have the capability to print on printable discs. If you have such a printer connected to your computer, you will still see [Disc Label/Case Cover] in the main menu of Easy-PhotoPrint EX, but you will not be able to use it. If you try to use it, you will get a warning message that says "A printer supporting the selected paper size is not installed." This means that your printer does not support printing on printable discs and you cannot use this function with your printer.5. The [Disc Label/Case Cover] function also works with another software called "CD Label Print" that can help you design and print labels or covers for your discs. If you have "CD Label Print" installed on your computer, you can launch it from Easy-PhotoPrint EX by clicking [Disc Label/Case Cover]. However, sometimes this may not work and "CD Label Print" may not open. This could be because of a compatibility issue between Easy-PhotoPrint EX and "CD Label Print". To solve this problem, you can try updating both software to their latest versions and check if they work together.
 
**Download Zip ✔ [https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fblltly.com%2F2uxaXb&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw0pMHl3p99xiQnaJFmyDrdX](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fblltly.com%2F2uxaXb&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw0pMHl3p99xiQnaJFmyDrdX)**


 8cf37b1e13
 
